Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(ambient music)
(gentle piano music)
(birds chirping)
(eerie music)
(suspenseful music)
(electronic humming)
(gun cranking)
(distant growling)
(electronic beeping)
(leaves rustling)
(gunshots popping)
(suspenseful music)
(gunshot booming)
(eerie music)
(bats squeaking)
(electronic humming)
(music intensifying)
(man screaming)
(sinister music)
(pleasant saxophone music)
♪ Love me or leave me
or let me be lonely ♪
♪ You won't believe me
and I'll love you only ♪
♪ I'd rather be
lonely than happy ♪
♪ With somebody else ♪
♪ You might find
the nighttime ♪
- I just think. you know.
you have that lion tattoo
on your forearm and my name
being Leo and all.
it can't be a coincidence.
It's gotta be fate.
so how about a date?
- Cheers.
- Cheers. I like that.
(pleasant saxophone music)
♪ There'll be no one ♪
♪ Unless that someone is you ♪
(phone ringing)
♪ I intend to be
independently blue ♪
♪ I want your love
but I don't... ♪
- [Operator] Voice
activation request.
- Ryan.
- [Operator] Confirmed.
Connecting you now.
- [Man] Ryan. hello.
This is Peter Ward
for mission briefing.
- I usually work with DeGarza.
- You like to swim.
I love swimming.
Yeah. swimming with beautiful
women. that's the saying.
No.
- Do you have a tab?
- No. I've been using
your man's tab all night.
- [Peter] For now.
I am handling
all of DeGarza's
client accounts.
How is St. Martin?
- St. Martin is great.
My team deserves it.
- [Peter] Yes. I heard
about Venezuela.
You guys did a good job.
- We were hoping
to stay for a while.
but I'm guessing this
isn't a courtesy call.
- You know. I was working on
that girl for like 30 minutes.
- I saved her.
- Yeah. you saved
her from a good time.
- [Peter] A VIP client activated
their emergency GPS beacon.
You are the closest
extraction team.
- Any other communications?
- [Peter] Negative.
Total communication
blackout on the island.
Only the GPS beacon.
- Copy that.
- [Peter] Sending
you the package now.
How soon can you go?
- We'll leave at dawn.
- [Peter] Excellent.
Let me know when
you're on your way.
- Will do.
- [Peter] Copy that.
- Not a long time.
- Hey. I will have you know
it is a perfectly
average amount of time
that I like to utilize.
- I'm sure.
- "I'm sure."
Oh no. I know that look.
That is "we're going
back to work" look.
- Yep.
Where's Sarah?
- She's picking Jordan
up at the airport.
- So. boss. how
much time we got?
- Unfortunately. not enough.
It's back to work.
(ominous tempo music)
(boat horn blowing)
(crickets chirping)
(ominous tempo music)
- Got your text.
- Welcome back. brother.
Good to see you.
You can put your stuff
in the back.
- You think he's
ready to come back?
- He's here. isn't he?
(ocean waves sloshing)
- Northeast of Barbados we'll
fly into a hidden island.
Esperanca.
It's an exclusive island reserved
for the rich and powerful.
Less than a thousand people.
even at its most crowded.
Has a couple of resorts.
small urban center.
and lots of big homes owned
by very wealthy people.
- Our client. Laura Hamilton.
widow of tech billionaire
Lloyd Hamilton.
He was assassinated
a year ago in Prague.
so she fled to Esperanca
and has been in hiding ever since.
Her mansion is secluded and far
away from the main resorts
and the main city.
- Are there any photos
of the mansion
that we can use for reference?
- Nope.
The elites like to hide
from the world here.
They pay a lot of money
to make sure this place is
off the grid and out
of Google Maps.
- All right.
We go in. get the clients
and get out.
Three hours. tops.
We land like civilians so we
don't draw too much attention.
Jordan. you're on over watch.
Leo. you'll monitor
the client's GPS location.
We're going in blind. people.
So stay sharp and be
ready for anything.
- Yee-haw.
- Let's do this.
(gun cranking)
(lively tempo music)
(phone ringing)
- Ryan.
- [Peter] We've
lost the GPS beacon.
What is your status?
- On route.
30 minutes out from the island.
- [Peter] Excellent.
Update me
as soon as you
have the client secure.
- Will do.
- [Peter] Copy that.
(lively tempo music)
(dramatic vocalization music)
(ominous tempo music)
(computer beeping)
(eerie music)
(ominous tempo music)
- Well. a lot less
people than I expected.
- Let's gear up
and clear the building.
(suspenseful tempo music)
(guns cranking)
(lively tempo music)
(Sarah screaming)
(electronic humming)
(Ryan groaning)
(eerie music)
(Ryan grunting)
- Talk to me. brother.
Talk to me!
(Ryan groaning)
- You hear it?
- Hear what?
- That fucking noise.
(Leo gasping)
(ominous music)
- What the fuck was that?
What the fuck was that?
- Let's find the others.
- What the hell was that?
- No idea.
Did you guys hear that?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. it wasn't
a fucking siren.
- You did too?
The network functions
have been disabled.
Can you check your device?
- Can these things be
shut down remotely?
- It can be but that's
some high level shit.
The Hamiltons' GPS location
hasn't changed
since this morning but I can't
get it to update now!
Somebody put us in the dark.
(foreboding music)
- We stick to the plan.
Find the client.
Let's move out.
(lively tempo music)
(computer beeping)
(eerie music)
- Vehicle ahead.
- Don't touch that.
(eerie music)
- We're good?
- That's strange.
When I touched it back there.
that's when the noise went off.
- [Ryan] Let's move.
- [Leo] Hit it like a
red-headed step child!
Woo!
(engine rumbling)
(ominous music)
(lively tempo music)
Oh. shit.
- What's the holdup?
- Code's not working.
- Leo!
- Give me a goddamn second!
Sorry. boss.
(electronic beeping)
- [Ryan] Leo?
- One second. hold on.
We're in.
(gate clanking)
(atmosphere humming)
(man indistinctly shouting)
(eerie music)
- [Ryan] Slower.
(atmosphere whooshing)
- [Man] You're not my son!
(atmosphere humming)
(ocean waves rumbling)
(eerie music)
(computer beeping)
(lively drumming music)
(gentle tempo music)
(atmosphere buzzing)
- Leo.
(ocean waves sloshing)
(eerie music)
(children screaming)
(rollercoaster clattering)
- [Man] We need to sedate
this piece of shit!
You're not my son!
(atmosphere rumbling)
(police siren)
- What's happening?
(atmosphere ringing)
(ominous music)
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I'm fine.
I'm good. let's go.
- Okay.
(Sarah huffing)
(eerie music)
(Leo grunting)
- Okay.
(gentle tempo music)
(fan buzzing)
(woman screaming)
- Hey! It's okay!
I'm with Castle International.
I'm here to help you!
It's okay!
Calm down!
- Okay.
- I'm here to help you.
I promise. I promise.
- I can't hear anymore!
I can't!
- It's okay.
It's okay!
It's okay. calm down!
- Okay.
- [Laura] The light
took everyone.
- You're injured.
you're injured. okay?
Let me see.
(Laura crying)
- I tried to stop it.
- Stop what?
The waves?
- Now I can't hear it anymore.
- [Leila] It's okay. it's okay.
- But it doesn't matter.
It's already inside.
- It's okay. Laura.
You're safe with us. okay?
We can figure this out
on the boat.
- No one is safe.
No one.
(eerie music)
- You ever hear
of Havana Syndrome?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Something about U.S. diplomats
in Cuban getting sick
and blaming it on sound waves.
- Ultrasound.
RF energy.
High frequencies beyond
our range of hearing.
Causes all sorts of problems
in the neural pathways.
- Well. whatever it is.
we can hear it.
and this ain't Havana.
- See. that's the problem
here. boss.
You don't know if it is
or isn't affecting you
until it's too late.
- You're creeping me out. Leo.
Save it for the debrief.
Let's move out!
(suspenseful music)
(engine rumbling)
Why are we stopping?
- I secured that gate.
(electrical fizzling)
(Laura screaming)
(gunshots popping)
- Client's shot. client's shot!
- [Ryan] Do we have a visual?
- I got nothing!
- How's she doing back there?
- [Sarah] I don't think
she's gonna make it!
- [Leo] We gotta move!
(eerie music)
Let's move. let's move!
We gotta move!
(suspenseful music)
- [Ryan] How's she
doing back there?
- No good!
(suspenseful music)
(indistinct shouting)
- [Ryan] Go.
- Fuck.
- Leila. move. come on!
Leila. there's a medic bag
in my bag.
- [Ryan] You got her?
- Ryan!
Ryan?
- Yeah?
Where's that medical kit?
(lively tempo music)
- Shit. fuck. fuck.
Fuck. she's not responding.
Fuck! No!
- [Ryan] Leila.
(Leila huffing)
- Fuck.
- [Ryan] Stop!
- [Leila] Fuck.
- Leila. stop!
She's gone!
Leila. she's gone.
- Fuck!
(ominous music)
(melancholic music)
- Boss. I'm gonna
go get the boat.
- Keep your eyes open.
- [Leo] Shit.
For what?
- It was a mistake.
Should've never asked
you to bring Jordan back.
Wasn't ready.
Just froze in the car.
- Doesn't matter.
Let's go home.
the mission's over.
(melancholic music)
(alarm beeping)
- Hit the snooze.
I need 10 more minutes.
I love you.
(foreboding music)
- No. no. no.
Where's the boat?
The boat is fucking gone!
Where the shit are you?
Fuck.
- [Man] Where you
wandering off to. boy?
Think you can turn
your back on me?
(Leo mumbling)
- Come on. Leo.
Come on. snap out of it.
He's not real.
he's fucking dead.
He's a dead piece of shit.
He's fucking dead.
Fucking damn it.
(eerie music)
(unsettling music)
(Leila groaning)
(ominous music)
- What's she doing?
(lively tempo music)
Leila?
(music intensifying)
Leila. no!
(gunshot booming)
(dramatic vocalization music)
(Ryan yelling)
(Ryan screaming)
(dramatic vocalization music)
(gentle piano music)
(bird squawking)
(crickets chirping)
- We need to find
a way off this nightmare.
I'm gonna talk to him.
- Leave him be.
- How much longer. huh?
It's been hours.
- You know.
when I lost Naomi. I didn't
speak to anyone for months.
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
- Because...
when we got to the beach.
you didn't even get
out of the car. you--
- I said I'm fine!
(gentle music)
- Boss. I...
- Are we finally gonna talk
about what the fuck is going on?
Huh?
About this empty island!
About the fucking sound.
the fucking sound!
- That sound is freaking
me the fuck out.
All right. it jammed
our communications.
It could be some advanced tech.
- Who?
Who's advanced tech. huh?
- I don't know. I don't know!
The Chinese?
It's the Russians.
the goddamn U.S. Government.
- Fucking Chinese?
The fucking Chinese.
that doesn't even make sense!
- I don't fucking know. Sarah.
don't yell at me. huh?
- Fuck you!
- Don't fucking yell at me! Fuck you!
- Hey!
- Fuck!
Does it matter?
- Does it fucking matter?
Look where we are.
- Wow. we need to get
off of this island.
Okay. before the same thing
that happened to Leila
happens to us. okay?
I'm fucking losing it.
I saw Samuel.
Fucking flash. I saw
a flash and saw Samuel
and I saw the day he
fucking died at the house.
I'm fucking going crazy.
- Sarah. I've seen
the same shit.
Okay. okay. yeah. I don't
think you're going crazy. okay?
After I heard the sound.
I've been hearing my dad.
And that abusive piece
of shit used to beat me.
beat my sisters and my mom.
and now it's all
I fucking hear.
It's gotta be something here.
Boss?
- Me too.
I've been hearing...
children screaming.
Drowning.
Like back in New Orleans
when I was stationed
there during Katrina.
- Yeah. but you didn't
even hear a sound.
- No.
Nothing.
But whatever's going
on with you guys.
I have a strange feeling it's coming
from the top of that mountain.
- Power.
Yeah?
We cut off their power
and we disable
whatever the fucking
source of that sound is.
- All right.
Let's give it a shot.
So we cut
the power to the island
then try to find the source.
We make whoever's
responsible pay.
(ominous music)
(crickets chirping)
(creature screeching)
(eerie music)
(glass clinking)
Keep moving.
(creature growling)
(distant metal clanking)
(ominous tempo music)
(creature screeching)
(crickets chirping)
(lively tempo music)
(distant glass crackling)
Exit left.
(lively tempo music)
(crickets chirping)
(screams echoing)
(rollercoaster rails clanking)
(ominous music)
- Help me.
Help me.
- I'm so sorry.
I'm really sorry. I tried.
(police sirens echoing)
- (Ryan mumbling)
- [Girl] Help me.
(dramatic music)
(Ryan mumbling)
- I'm so sorry.
I tried.
I really tried.
I couldn't do anything.
(dramatic music)
Just...
There was nothing I could do.
(dramatic music)
- Hold up.
We've lost Ryan.
(eerie music)
(computer beeping)
(creature growling)
- Help me.
(Ryan crying)
- I'm sorry.
I tried.
I really tried.
(foreboding music)
(atmosphere whooshing)
- Ryan!
(music intensifying)
(computer beeping)
(thunder rumbling)
(Ryan screaming)
(lively music)
- What the?
(eerie music)
- Fall back.
(Sarah crying)
Fall back!
- What the fuck is happening?
(suspenseful music)
What is that?
(creature growling)
(suspenseful music)
(door rattling)
(electronic humming)
(creature growling)
(creature snarling)
(electronic humming)
(door thudding)
(eerie music)
Clear.
- Don't you ever
fucking touch me again.
- We wanna leave.
we gotta go now.
Right now.
(foreboding music)
(lively tempo music)
(eerie music)
(intense music)
(gun cranking)
(lively tempo music)
(suspenseful tempo music)
(Sarah crying)
- Power here.
Set it up.
Which would feed me into five.
six.
(ominous music)
No.
No. no. no. no.
(Leo groaning)
Come on.
Come on. come on. come on.
No. no. no. no.
(foreboding music)
Uh...
This is. this is strange.
- What's strange?
- Um...
These are the power relays
for the whole island and.
you know. everything
feeds through here but...
it's not...
I...
It's not working. boss.
- [Sarah] What is wrong
with you both?
Did you see what
happened back there?
(gentle music)
Are you blind?
Did you not see
what happened to Ryan?
It's hopeless.
(Sarah crying)
Whatever you try to do.
it's not gonna work.
- Sarah. we're trying
to get us off the island.
- What's ever happening here.
it's beyond our understanding.
Our focus is to survive.
- We're already dead.
(radio buzzing)
- [Man] Anyone out there?
- Don't touch that.
Don't touch that.
It's a trap.
Just don't!
- Hey.
- Stand down.
(gentle music)
Sarah.
Breathe.
(Sarah heavily breathing)
Do you remember
the first time that we met?
(gentle piano music)
I was standing at the bar
and Samuel was next to me.
He couldn't take
his eyes off you.
And you were standing
in the corner.
the way that you would
look at each other...
You were laughing and dancing.
I watched you two fall
in love that night.
(Sarah chuckling)
- Yeah.
- It really showed me...
It showed me how
to fall in love.
And when I met Naomi.
you were no longer with him.
Now close your eyes.
okay?
Rest.
Be present.
And breathe.
Focus on your breath.
(gentle piano music)
(foreboding music)
I'm gonna take the night shift.
(eerie music)
(thunder rumbling)
(intense music)
(birds chirping)
(ominous tempo music)
You good?
- Yeah.
Where to?
- Well. we're gonna go
see a guy about a walkie.
(sinister music)
(computer beeping)
(creature breathing)
(ominous tempo music)
(trees crackling)
(eerie music)
(atmosphere rumbling)
- [Father] Sit there.
you miserable piece of shit!
You're not my son!
Ain't you got any fight in you?
Sit there.
you miserable piece of shit!
You're not my son!
Ain't you got any fight in you?
Hell. your mama was
tougher than you
and I killed that bitch!
(foreboding music)
(computer chiming)
(eerie music)
(ominous tempo music)
(metal clanking)
(object clattering)
(metal clattering)
(objects rustling)
- I spoke to you on the radio.
If you can exit the building.
I will give you
to the count of three.
One.
Two.
(ominous music)
- Have you seen them?
- We've seen
a lot of shit. sir.
Come on out.
- That thing from the sky.
That light.
- Mr. Shoenburg.
We're here to help.
- Do you know him?
- Yeah. that's
Albert Shoenburg.
He's a big tech guy
worth about 50 bill.
Albert.
My name's Leo.
I'm gonna put my gun
down now. all right?
This is Sarah and Jordan.
Put your gun down.
(eerie music)
All right. we're here to help.
Hey. hey. hey.
Whoa. hey!
Hey.
Let's put down the gun.
All right. buddy. we are
on the same side here.
- Something came from the sky.
There was an earthquake!
- We know.
- Lower.
lower your gun.
(Albert groaning)
- And then the sound came.
That sound!
It goes inside your mind!
- Hey. that's good. we wanna
hear your story. all right?
We're all gonna
listen to your story.
Just put down the gun.
- You can't hide from it.
You can't run.
I tried.
I can't hear.
Make it stop.
- Calm it down. brother.
All right. let's
all calm down. okay?
There's no more noise.
it stopped.
- You can't stop it.
You can't stop this!
No!
You with them?
Who are you?
Who are you with? No!
No. no. no!
(gunshot booming)
(birds chirping)
- You just killed one
of the richest men in the world.
- Yeah. but he wouldn't
shut the fuck up.
(gun cranking)
Let's move out.
- He's a lot shorter
in real life. you know?
(sinister music)
- I'm tired.
- Let's take five.
I'm gonna scope.
I'll be back.
(gentle music)
(Leo groaning)
- Where'd he go?
- He went to go
scope the perimeter.
(eerie music)
Huh?
- I didn't say anything.
- Nah.
Thought I...
- Why are we even here?
- I...
I don't fucking know.
- We're all gonna die.
- Maybe.
Maybe...
we're all already dead.
Ryan's dead.
Leila just...
And now Jordan's taking
us up the mountain like...
Virgil led Dante out of hell.
Maybe that's what this is.
(Leo laughing)
(eerie music)
- What is wrong with you?
(atmosphere rumbling)
Fuck!
(ominous music)
Baby?
- No.
(sinister music)
No. you're dead.
You're fucking dead!
- Well look what we have here.
Little fucking Leo.
- You're not real.
(unsettling music)
- Oh. I missed you.
- Goddamn it. son. you
miserable son of a bitch!
You're not my boy!
- Shut up!
- I'm gonna come with you.
Okay?
You're not gonna
have to be alone.
- Ain't you got any
fight left in you?
- Shut the fuck up!
Fuck you!
Huh?
You wanna fuck with me?
- Baby.
- Fuck you!
- Hell. your mama
was tougher than you
and I killed that bitch!
- Don't you say that!
Shut the fuck up! Huh?
- Don't leave me.
(music intensifying)
- Little Leo. mama's boy.
up in his room.
hiding all day. jerking
off on the computer!
I bet you wish you
could hide there now!
- Yeah. yeah?
Wanna fucking die!
- Don't you. boy?
- Fuck you. huh?
You wanna fucking die?
- You mommy's boy!
- You wanna fucking die?
(father laughing)
- Die!
Die!
- I love you.
(gunshot booming)
(sinister music)
- No!
(gunshot booming)
(gentle piano music)
(Sarah coughing)
(dramatic instrumental music)
(electrical beeping)
(unsettling music)
(gentle music)
(crickets chirping)
(gun cranking)
(ominous tempo music)
(creature snarling)
(creature growling)
(glass shattering)
(eerie music)
(glass crunching)
(creature snarling)
(sinister music)
(ominous tempo music)
(intense music)
(creature snarling)
(suspenseful music)
(punches thudding)
(gunshot booming)
(foreboding music)
(creature growling)
(gunshots popping)
(intense music)
(rapid gunfire popping)
(ominous tempo music)
(eerie music)
(suspenseful music)
(gunshots booming)
(eerie music intensifying)
(creature snarling)
(electrical fizzling)
(suspenseful music)
(creature snarling)
(Jordan coughing)
(dramatic vocalization music)
- Jordan.
Jordan.
(dramatic vocalization music)
It's okay.
Come with me.
You don't have
to fight anymore.
(sinister music)
(dramatic tempo music)
You're gonna be okay.
You're stronger than you think.
You're free.
We can be together.
It's what you want.
It's what we both want.
Promise me
you'll live your life.
Just the way we planned.
Even if I'm not there.
(suspenseful music)
Live.
Surrender.
Live!
(creature squealing)
(crickets chirping)
(somber music)
(dramatic vocalization music)
(Jordan coughing)
(dramatic instrumental music)
[Music: "Black Noise"
by Jonathan Hal Smithers]